# PracticeLabs
Project 3, Sales Tracker App

	This project is a university-assigned project that requires an OOP written in C++ with Python integrated as well. Objective of this project was to build an app that presents a user with 3 options in a displayed menu format. The first option displays a list of items sold in a day by reading through a file containing a list of items. A python file is used for iteration to circumnavigate the complexities of list-handling in C++. The second option allows the user to input an option and returns the number of items the word appears in the file used in option 1. Option 3 prints a histogram of the data harvested in option 1.
	In this project, I displayed that I have grasped the basic concepts of OOP. I have finally gotten an understanding of how classes work and that makes me very excited. Using the provided code, Integrating Python and crafting my own functions was fairly easy. A difficulty was learning how to construct my class in a way that worked! Online resources such as zyBooks and YouTube helped me overcome these challenges. My code could have been enhanced by adding error handling in option 2. The code only accepts the correct version of words. Errors are thrown when a user enters ‘apples’ instead of ‘Apples’ and this is a poor oversight, in my opinion. As an end-user, this would irritate me! The knowledge I have gained working on this project will definitely be transferable to other projects. Having an understanding of classes, one of the fundamentals of OOP, will be very beneficial in learning how to craft more efficient and complicated code. 
